Added 'mode' prop to SignInButton and SignUpButton component docs (#373)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/components/unstyled/sign-up-button.mdx

        <code>string</code>,
        <>Full URL or path to navigate after successful sign up.</>,
      ],
    },
    {
      cells: [
        <code>mode</code>,

>         <code>"redirect" | "modal"</code>,
>         <><code>redirect</code> is the default behaviour and will redirect to sign-up route. <code>modal</code> will open a modal one current route.</>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <code>'redirect' | 'modal'</code>,
        <>Determines what happens when a user clicks on the <code><SignUpButton /></code>. Setting this to <code>'redirect'</code> will redirect the user to the sign-in route. Setting this to <code>'modal'</code> will open a modal on the current route.<br />Defaults to <code>'redirect'</code>.</>
```

>         <>Determines what happens when a user clicks on the <code><SignUpButton /></code>. Setting this to <code>'redirect'</code> will redirect the user to the sign-in route. Setting this to <code>'modal'</code> will open a modal on the current route.<br />Defaults to <code>'redirect'</code>.</>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        <>Determines what happens when a user clicks on the <code>{'<SignUpButton />'}</code>. Setting this to <code>'redirect'</code> will redirect the user to the sign-in route. Setting this to <code>'modal'</code> will open a modal on the current route.<br />Defaults to <code>'redirect'</code>.</>
```
